Path patterns
-------------
The patterned passed as an agrument of option '-datapath' specifies the
complete file path, including the actual file name. It must contain the
following templates:
  %Y: will be replaced by current year
  %M: will be replaced by current month
  %D: will be replaced by current day of month
  %T: will be replaced by file type (i.e. the libdatrwxx file type passed as
      argument to option '-datatypes' or 'thiesdl1' in case of raw dumps)
All patterns must be present in order to make data files unique. If a pattern
is missing, this is reported as an error and causes the program to terminate.
Example:  data/ThiesDL1/%T/%Y/%M/DL1%Y%M%D.%T

Data for the current (not yet completed) day are stored separately and are
updated in intervals specified by option '-interval'. Option '-activepath'
defines the data path for current files. The templates %Y, %M, and %D need not
be used in this pattern, however %T is mandatory.

Sampling interval
-----------------
Notice that the sampling interval of 60s used by the DL1 cannot be specified
properly in output formats storing sampling in terms of sampling rate. This
applies to the GSE and SFF formats. The data files will indicate a sampling
rate of 0.016667 Hz. This equals a sampling interval of
  1 s / 0.016667 = 59.988002 s
The samples of one day thus span a time of
  59.988002 s * 1440 = 86382.723 s
Hence there is an apparent sampling residual of
  86400 s - 86382.723 s = 17.276545 s
in each file.

Tolerance mode
--------------
The Thies DL1 logger has a sequential memory. It simply adds data lines.
In cases lines with illegal time values can appear if the logger was set to a
wrong time value. These non-matching lines simply appear in the list of data
lines without comment and without the possibility to remove them. The Record
module checks for these conditions. If the program would inevitably abort upon
such conditions, it would be impossible to retrieve data in case of a
corrupted data set in the DL1 memory. For this reason the tolerance mode was
introduced. In case of weird data lines, a comment is written to the output
file.

Apparently a line for a specific minute can be added twice in case the logger
is interrupted. This is considered as normal operation. Sample values for
lines with identical time stamps are added. For details see the doxygen
documentation and page "Duplicate entries in Thies DL1 data" there.

Message logging
---------------
All informational log messages concerning parameter settings, daily operation,
etc are sent with log level "notice". Frequent informations concerning the
poll cycle are sent with log level "info". Non-matching data and time out
conditions are reported with log level "err" or "warning". All conditions that
may terminate the program are reported as "crit" or "emerg".
